Reorganize Get Started (#362)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-tidb-from-kubernetes-gke.md

This step defaults gcloud to your preferred project and [zone](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones/), which simplifies the commands used for the rest of this tutorial:

> {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

Reviewer: This is required in the official doc website, please help confirm. @ran-huang

Author: This document is not meant for use/deployment on the official website, it's meant to be used in the Google Cloud Shell.

The default username and password are both "admin".

## Destroy the TiDB cluster

To destroy a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes, run the following command:

```shell
kubectl delete tc basic -n demo
```

To destroy the monitoring component, run the following command:

```shell
kubectl delete tidbmonitor basic -n demo
```

The above commands only delete the running pods, the data is persistent. If you do not need the data anymore, you should run the following commands to clean the data and the dynamically created persistent disks:

```shell
kubectl delete pvc -n demo -l app.kubernetes.io/instance=basic,app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=tidb-operator && \
kubectl get pv -l app.kubernetes.io/namespace=demo,app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=tidb-operator,app.kubernetes.io/instance=basic -o name | xargs -I {} kubectl patch {} -p '{"spec":{"persistentVolumeReclaimPolicy":"Delete"}}'
```

## Shut down the Kubernetes cluster

Once you have finished experimenting, you can delete the Kubernetes cluster:

```shell
gcloud container clusters delete tidb
```

## More Information

> To learn more about creating a deployment on GKE suitable for production use, please consult <https://pingcap.com/docs/tidb-in-kubernetes/stable/deploy-on-gcp-gke/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about creating a deployment on GKE suitable for production use, please consult [Deploy TiDB on GCP GKE](deploy-on-gcp-gke.md).
```

Author: This document is loaded by Google Cloud Shell, so the URL has to point directly to the page on the PingCAP website. In other words, this document is not rendered by our website into web documentation).
